<!--
'Adam Englander', 'Jessica Mauerhan', 'Ashley Madison - Lessons Learned',
'Behat: Beyond the Basics'
-->
# October LV PHP User Group Meeting

### October 19th 2015

### Meeting Notes
* Looking for sponsors of the user group. [Check out our sponsorship guide for more info.](http://lvphp.org/media/PHPSponsorGudie.pdf)
* Attendance was 48 RSVPs. Let's keep it up and tell your friends so we can hit an average of
30 users per meetup.

### Talks

#### Ashley Madison - Lessons Learned
Presenter: **Adam Englander** - Director of Engineering at [Launchkey](https://launchkey.com/)
One of the most public security breaches in the last five years was the Ashley Madison breach.
The Ashley Madison site was PHP and MySQL. The PHP community can learn a great deal from the results of the breach.
One of the most surprising takeaways to the majority of the security field is that PHP was the
strongest link in the chain. This talk will be an overview of the breach itself with details
regarding how PHP helped and what should have been done to minimize the damage. This is sure to be a
great talk on security and what PHP has to offer.

Slides available at http://www.slideshare.net/AdamEnglander/ashley-madison-lessons-learned

#### Behat: Beyond the Basics
Presenter: **Jessica Mauerhan**
During this Behat talk, we will cover:
- Going from having no automated testing to having a stable product
- Testing legacy code vs new code
- Guidelines to follow for writing accurate and easily understood tests
- Technical specifics: Dealing with AJAX in your application, Capturing a screenshot on error,
Regular Expressions in Behat Contexts, Page Objects & more
```
 #Vegastech
 #LVPHP
```